Why did you choose the animal that you did?

* Coyote - heard them as a kid, connection
* dolphin - correlate self to ability to learn, adapt, understanding, solutions,
apsergers, relection
* flying wolf - Identity with canids, dogs, but dogs too tame, felt less tame in
self, more on wild side
* folf - something pack, affection, protect, fox magic, stealth, vanity
* coyote - dragon to start, didn't fit, canid of sorts, pack, behaviors, not fox
or wolf, didn't fit, turned on TV, coyotes
* bcollie - mechanical choice, no real affinity, supposed to be representative,
hyper, smart, geeky
* wuffalo - interspecies relationships between wolf and buffalo, unique to
colorado and plains, out of the pack, but not with the herd
* elk - not really reflective of colorado, but prey species and passive, but not
defenseless, involuntary pacifist
* chimera - canine based, pokemon (arcanine) - struggle, jack of all trades, 
* husky - personality match, playfulness, loyalty, protectiveness
* lombax - from ratchet and clank - emotionally and intellectually connect,
known for engineering, loyal, 
* husky wolf - wolf characteristics, but also playful

How do you see your persona in a sentence
* persona is reflection of self ahead in life as goal
* started: moreidealized of what like to be, over time, updated closer to self,
recognizing flaws and such
* Fursona as extension of self to move forward
* The person with whom I speak
* who I strive to become, a step ahead of me (elaki), as I gain the attributes,
stay a step ahead, role model
* Scope of self, use it as a means of bettering self, character is a reflection
of who I am, but also who I want to emulate, vis dolphin, have the ability to
recognize we as humans are also intelligent, thus vice versa
* fursona as reflection of how I act as a real person
* Coping mechanism, a way to be someone else and not deal with it, or to look at
something from an aoutside perspective
* me
* convenient exagerated wish fulfillment

what happens when your character changes?
* like a role model, introspection into what I could be, this is something I
could improve on, etc, etc, go and examine fears, getting in trouble is how we
grow, mostly subconscious, choose to go forward, then realize it was part of
fursona
* Recently underwent change in fursona because got out of college and realized
adulthood, went from fox to something internalized as more adult character, rat.
midlife crisis?
* Whenever you change your character, make sure it fits.  Rather than adding
something, take something away instead, make sure it fits, 
* Seven or eight incarnations, before one that fit.
* Float between two rather than big deal of change to fit mood day to day
* middle and high more playful, thus reflection of future, then with adulthood,
have to start doing things as adult, made closer to self, but also took away
from fandom, love self, fursona as reflection
* first: dragon because mocked for dophins, but after that, have to affirm self,
take that into self, still fall under same genus, but evolve within that, want
something that is intricate and creative looking, but still intellectual, white
beach dolphins.
* almost always redfox, recently, reevaluate from life events, maned wolf.
Stereotypes in foxes, why not distinguishself by deeds and actions, rather than
changing self to be more distinctive.
* Dependent on age change, lots of shedding of masks, from angry wolf to wolf to
coyote
* subconscious, never had anything before, refining and getting it just right,
make it more complete, emotional connection strengthened when mother passed
away.

Point of crisis, epiphany, tied to a fursona change?
* not terribly attached emotionally, would take less of an issue to make me
change.  Single now, developing a relationship might change.  Some might be
mundane, rather than emotional
* not necessarily a crisis, but more when someone asks for ref and find out wow,
it doesn't fit, almost traumatizing.  is this even true anymore? Soul search to
find real, modify or rebuild?
* when mom died, what can I use to keep myself going?  Use that as a way to
cope, goal: push self harder, etc.
* started as dragon to fit gendered stereotypes, being comfortable in those,
even if interests don't fit, get fed up and adopted character.
* If theres anyway to solidify a fursona, it's being told that you're wrong,
such as in a break up, even over being a furry

how does species color interaction?
* more mischevious, more willing to pull pranks, plan things ahead, try and
outsmart, doesn't always work
* Humans have thought they were a great species because of acheivements,
dolphins have thought the same. dolphins is inspiring.
* Being a fennec, allows me to be more upbeat and playfl, but still solitary.
used to be more of a loner, but gowth
* very loud, honest, legendary or mythical
* to be honest, it kinda doesn't. Choosing a dog, though cat would've fit, one
of my life goals is becoming more socially engaged, but it kinda doesn't
* Stripes, symmetrical, centered, contrast, reminds self of connection, symbol
* Don't exactly  match, really goofy, contradictions
* the wmore wolf side, can be headstrong, thicker fur, packs, numbers, coyote
side more nervous in crowds, association with other things like music, etc.
* gravitate toward other mustelids and badgers
* Snow=leopard dragon, act feline, personal space, but if I want affection, I
want it now.  Dragon, goofy and funloving, see wonder in little things, magic in
everything
* Most interactions online, species as basis for interaction between others,
use it as a guide to shape interactions, interest connection
* instead of being trickster, went more with animal, niche filler, kinda that
way with friends, fill the role needed by friends. adaptable
* acts as an eraser.  In society, lots of masks, not so in furry, where you can
be self the most.

how does having an avatar color interactions?
* microgoals to fulfill to extend life, boost to resilience, I wish I could've
been more of myself.  Playing games and creating avatars, allows selfdom in
social structures.  Constructed avatar as means of being oneself.
* Provides a lense through wich you can talk to other people.  Set of stock
actions via species, levels playing field, everyone is also all dealing with
that story
* MEta-level of expression, furries agree on expressiveness of animals, ears,
tail, etc.  Even outside of inter-furry interaction
* More of an alignment feature, more comfort in expression
